Find the sum of all even numbers between 1 and 100.

Find the sum of all odd numbers between 1 and 100.

Check whether a given number is prime or not.

Find the factorial of a given number.

Find the greatest common divisor (GCD) of two numbers.

Find the least common multiple (LCM) of two numbers.

Check if a number is a palindrome.

Find the number of digits in a given number.

Find the sum of the digits of a number.

Reverse a given number.

Check if a number is an Armstrong number.

Print all prime numbers up to N.

Find the Nth Fibonacci number.

Print all factors of a given number.

Find the product of all digits in a number.

Check if two numbers are co-prime.

Find the HCF and LCM using prime factorization.

Find all perfect numbers up to N.

Check if a number is a strong number.

Find the next prime number greater than a given number.

Find the nearest palindrome number to a given number.

Check if a number is a Harshad number (Niven number).

Find the sum of squares of digits of a number.

Find the difference between the sum of even digits and odd digits of a number.

Find all numbers between 1 and 1000 divisible by 7 and 11.

Check if a number is a spy number.

Find the digital root of a number.

Check whether a number is a neon number.

Find the GCD of an array of numbers.

Find the sum of the first N natural numbers.

Find the sum of the first N even numbers.

Find the sum of the first N odd numbers.

Count the number of prime digits in a number.

Find the maximum digit in a number.

Find the minimum digit in a number.

Find the second largest digit in a number.

Find the second smallest digit in a number.

Check whether the given number is a perfect square.

Find the largest prime factor of a given number.

Find all three-digit numbers which are Armstrong numbers.

Find all numbers between 1 and 500 which are divisible by the sum of their digits.

Find the difference between the product and sum of digits of a number.

Generate all Pythagorean triplets up to a given limit.

Find whether a number can be expressed as the sum of two prime numbers.

Find the sum of prime numbers up to N.

Check whether a number is a Kaprekar number.

Find the magic number for a given number.

Find how many trailing zeros are there in the factorial of a number.

Check if a number is a binary palindrome.

Find the smallest number greater than N that is divisible by 2, 3, and 5.